hi guys so today I'm Emma doing my
entire baby lift collection and I do
have them all so ya know ya know so I'm
just gonna go through all of them and
tell you guys how I like them
how the color payoff is all that stuff
so let's just go ahead and get started
cause I have like 11 to go through so
let's just get this going so the first
one I have are these two and this is
peppermint and quenched and these two
are clear so they're clear
I like peppermint better that I like
quenched I think quench has more of a
chemically taste to it when it gets in
my mouth and peppermint is just very um
it has no taste to it it smells like
peppermint it's very smooth and it's
really moisturizing so those are
probably peppermint is probably my
favorite clear one I have these two so
forgot to mention that I am going to be
doing all of the permanent ones and then
move on to the limited edition ones so
moving on to the permanent ones this one
is grapevine and it's just like this
purple color and when I first saw this I
was like wow that's gonna look gross
like who wants purple lips but I have on
right now and it's just the most
beautiful color I actually really really
like it and I thought I was gonna hate
it so this is grapevine I do like this
one quite a bit moving on to this one
and this one is cherry me and I think a
lot of people are disappointed with this
because they're expecting it to be like
an actual red color on your lips this
turns out to be like a very very hot
pink color on your lips kind of like a
hot tamale color on your lips
so--that's cherry me and I think a lot
of people were disappointed with this
but I personally really liked it um the
next I have is this one and this is pink
punch and it's just a hot pink color
this one's probably the most pigmented
as them all it's just a hot pink color I
think this is one of their first like
really popular ones was pink punch and
then I have peach kiss which is actually
a new addition to their line and the
sort looks like so it's just like a nude
color and this looks really pretty on
your lips it has some like shimmer in it
so it makes your lips look a very glowy
and very pretty and I have to say that
this one was a really a favorite of mine
when I first got it so moving on to the
limited edition ones these are in no
specific order but this one is in pink
wink and it's just like a pea nude pink
color nude pings don't look good on my
lips because my lips are pretty dry and
so they have lots of like flakes and
stuff on them so the the pink just like
picks it up really badly so this is
the hot pink color and I do like this
one I just find myself not reaching for
it because I usually don't wear pink
colors I'll just go along with the
Pink's that I'm the pink then you know
this one's in twinkle and it's just more
like a plasticy pink than the other one
and I don't wear this one as much either
it's just it's a really pretty color
though so if you are one who likes nude
pink colors this is a really pretty
color and then we have coral crush I
thought I was going to freaking hate
this one because it's like orange and I
was like who puts orange on their lips
but it gives you the most like beautiful
like reddish tint to your lips it's
really pretty and I really do like this
one so that's coral crush and then I
have a yummy plummy which I also thought
I was going to hate but it's just like a
really pretty like purple color it's
very pretty and I really really like
this one so that's yummy plummy and the
last one that I have is this one and
this one is in melon mania which is just
a hot pink color I really really like
this one it's very pretty it gives your
lips just a very natural like pink color
look so that has to be one of my
favorites as well
I just wanna kind of talk about them a
little bit I really really love these I
love the packaging it is so cute I just
love it so much
so these are great they're about $3 at
Walmart so I really like them
I find that they're very moisturizing
even the ones that have color to them
they're very moisturizing and you're not
gonna buy one of these and be
disappointed unless you get a color that
you don't like but other than that
they're just amazing and I really really
do like these so I hope you guys go and
check these out so these are all eleven
of baby lips and I hope you guys enjoyed
this review I really think they're worth
going to check them out they're just
amazing and I really really like them so
those are all the color shades that you
get and I hope you guys like this review
and I really really hope you guys go and
get them because they're totally worth
it and they're just amazing so I'm gonna
see if I can turn the camera off without
like dropping everything so okay talk to
you guys later bye